Y
hello to all your listeners another and in hd already
I know it took a while that it's not a
video but good and I've also returned with
news that new skins are coming
of weapons and armors so you know that
they are not skins is who they are like
painting of the gun or the painting of the
armor as well as that the different
colors and features all those things and
statistics that are put in the
armadoras in the weapons that make
different from the predetermined things
now very good guys in this armor and
these 15 weapons are just going to come in
toys is to say that you have this
this new skins has to buy a
toy made by mcfarland and these
toys have had in October at
toy store obviously now
This is not a toy, it's like that if we
fiber that action see that I was already
working on that are action figures
and good in every action figure
different brings a weapon or a skin
armor so good guys here they
I leave here I give you the image so that
you need to buy a toy
to have a specific weapon or a
specific armor
to have the riptide assault rifle
You need to buy the new toy from
October of the master boss with gordana
now comes the storm rhythm that
you have to buy the elite with the
plasma sniper and you'll have the rifle weapon
of storm the triumph
infectious because now to have
Erez new bones what that means
because you have to buy the armor
sorry armor you do not have to buy
toys to discuss is really not me
I agree the name the armor but
you are there the image and nothing else
they have to print the image to have
the carbine engage that seems a bit
more so as you dedicated it you will see the
past we continue to condemn them
rebels have to buy since at
with that same weapon you can now have your
retroactive or refractive prisoner does not see him
very good that shit you need to buy
the toy and direct although remember
that there is an armor with the toy and
dacca
Now show it to you with the
armor we have the xii or ruiz that
it seems like an egyptian all weird and
they have like that the different traits
nothing less than buying the toy that is
from the same armor as well
now for the new rank of scout toxic
they will need to buy the scout toy that
it will look like in October now very well the
last armor that in which I go
to buy is the refractive bib that
It seems very, very
really and with the combination of
colors you could do a live by tim
and now we have done with this was all the
Today's news I will upload more videos soon
probably today tomorrow and the day after tomorrow
and every day that comes at home ch and
if you liked the video please give me
Like and let them know your opinion
about armor and weapons that
they are coming out in October guys good
week to say see you and if you liked it
and if it served you dale I like it, I'm jackie
and we see you black bergués